this is a hotel room and not just any
hotel room but rather the most expensive
hotel room on the planet at a cost of
$100,000 per night you could buy a nice
house in Phoenix or you could stay here
for a week it's located here in the
Palms Casino Resort in Las Vegas and
today I'm going to take you on a tour of
it I've borrowed this room courtesy of
Vegas dot-com which is your one-stop
shop for your Vegas vacation letting you
bundle your flights and your hotel rooms
and your activities and shows into one
transaction with big discounts if you're
planning a trip to Vegas you have to
check out Vegas calm and for a limited
time you can use the promo code Doug 10
for 10% off your Vegas vacation check it
out by clicking the link in the
description below but back to the hotel
room this is called the empathy suite
and it's basically a two-story mansion
in the sky it's effectively an all-new
room as part of a nearly 700 million
dollar renovation of the Palms and this
is the crown jewel the ultimate hotel
room in Vegas probably the most
expensive hotel room on the planet and
today I'm going to take you on a tour of
it now eagle-eyed viewers may point out
that I don't normally review hotel rooms
but I did review a few houses last year
and ever since then people have been
asking me begging me for more property
tours so I figured why not come out to
Vegas and review a hotel room that costs
100 grand a night seems reasonable
enough so let's get started with the
tour
now I'm standing here in the entry of
the empathy suite and a few things to go
over for one thing it's about 9,000
square feet and yet it only has two
bedrooms I'll explain why in a minute
now like I mentioned this is a two-story
hotel room on the 34th and 35th floors
of the Palms making this the highest
hotel room you can get in this building
before I show you around this room let's
talk pricing yes a hundred thousand
dollars a night with a two night minimum
and you don't just go on the Palms
website and book this room you have to
apply and then they do their due
diligence to make sure you can actually
afford it the other way to get in here
is if you have a 1 million dollar line
of credit with the Palms then they give
you the room as a perk now some other
perks that they give you you have a 24
hour butler who is on call for the
duration of your stay and you also have
a chauffeured car service among many
other things but as I stand here in this
entryway you're probably thinking it
looks kind of dull until you look over
there and then you see some sharks the
Sharks are there because they are aren't
from the world famous artist Damien
Hirst who designed six individual pieces
for just this hotel room including these
sharks which are called winner loser
rather interesting thing to see right
when you walk into a hotel room about
anyway you walk into the empathy suite
and turn to your left and then you see a
medicine cabinet which seems oddly
placed until you discover that it too is
a piece of art from Damien Hirst this
one is called Vegas and the Damien Hirst
theme continues throughout the room
specifically with butterflies and
medicine or pills keep that in your mind
as I'm showing you around because there
are a lot of rather interesting Easter
eggs related to those items and there's
more art worth noting right off the bat
for instance above the bar you have
these Marlins in these glass cases which
is a really cool look you can see from a
lot of different parts of the room
although my personal favorite art piece
is next to the dining room
it's this wall of pills called money you
can see they're just pills and pills and
more pills and it's a rather striking
look that's one that I find rather
amusing and interesting and certainly
worth checking out but let's go back to
the bar and yes this hotel room has a
bar I can tell you right now that your
hotel room doesn't but take a look at
the top of this bar it's medical waste
these aren't used medical supplies to
get clear but you do have these medical
gloves and pill wrappers and tubes all
throughout the top of this bar there's
even a syringe or two in here the people
de Paume still need some rather
controversial piece but I think it
certainly looks interesting and more
exciting than just your standard bar not
that you would mistake this for your
standard bar because it has 13 seats in
a hotel room and as you can see each of
the seats has a little pill on the back
again continuing the theme of course in
this bar you also have a safe you have a
built-in ice maker which I love ice I
think that's a fantastic feature and you
have all the accoutrement a fully
stocked bar just happened to be in your
hotel room I am next have another item
when you come behind the bar you can see
there's an iPad here mounted on this
little pedestal and why would you have
an iPad in a bar that's because this
controls basically all of the comfort
and convenience and tech equipment in
this hotel room I'll go over a few of
the highlights one is that this room has
five different climate zones there are
different climate zones in the bedrooms
different areas of the room five total
different temperatures you can have as
you walk through here which is more than
most people have in their homes and of
course the crazy doesn't stop there you
can use this iPad to close the curtains
a little too bright in here for you just
go into the curtains menu on your iPad
and they will all close automatically
you don't have to press a button or
point a remote at something just do it
on your iPad and of course you can also
use the iPad to reopen all of the
curtains all automatically so you don't
ever have to lift
finger except to tap your iPad screen
and here's another great feature of this
iPad when you stay in a hotel you want
to put the Do Not Disturb sign up or
request housekeeping there's a little
pain tag you put on your door in this
room you can select it through the iPad
you don't have to walk all the way to
the door and put a little placard there
instead just tap a button and it turns
on a little panel outside the door
letting housekeeping know that you're
not to be disturbed or that you want
housekeeping pretty cool and by the way
it's worth noting that this iPad is not
unique to behind the bar there are iPads
like this all throughout this room I
think there's five or six of them so no
matter where you are you have easy
access to close the curtains or request
housekeeping or basically anything else
and next up moving away from the bar we
walk now towards the living area or one
of them and the dining room table and
here in the kitchen now the kitchen is
over here in a corner probably not gonna
be doing much cooking or food prep while
you're staying in this room but it is
here and there's a nifty little feature
you can access the kitchen like I just
did by walking through the room but if
you have like a caterer coming over to
make food you don't want them to walk
through your party so right when you
enter the room there's a little hidden
door on the side that's your butler's
entry to the kitchen and they can just
come right through here
access the kitchen and they won't have
to disturb the guests by doing so that
is a pretty cool quirk and next up let's
move back into the living area for one
of the great seating areas of all time
now I say that in part because of this
view you look out over the strip you can
see all the other casinos mountains in
the distance a gorgeous place to be but
to me the more interesting view is in
here because you have the world's
longest couch now I don't know if this
is actually the world's longest couch
but it's got to be in the running it
kind of snakes all the way around the
room clearly custom-designed for it I
counted and you could get 30 people on
here comfortably with enough room to
kind of move around you could probably
get 60 people on here if you cram them
all together not too often you see a 60
person
that's the situation in the empathy
suite so what do all these people do
when they're sitting on their giant
couch well the answer is they can watch
TV if they want to of course you can see
there's a TV here facing like maybe a
third of the couch but just in case you
feel like you're being left out from the
TV experience don't worry go along the
back of the TV and you can see it's
double sided and there's speakers on
both sides so if you're sitting at the
bar you can watch the TV and if you're
sitting on the couch you can watch the
TV which is a pretty cool situation if
for instance you're having a Super Bowl
party at 100 types of tellers a night
not that that is the only sitting room
walk all the way across the lower floor
of the empathy suite past the bar and
you get over to the second sitting room
which is a little bit smaller but it
still has all of the same magical
touches including the wonderful view
more importantly though it has these
swings which are nice and fluffy there
are four of them so if you get tired of
sitting in your sitting area you can
come over here sit in your sitting area
and swing now moving on from your
swinging sitting area you can come over
here and you have yet another living
room with yet another television you can
start to see how this place ends up at
9,000 square feet with only two bedrooms
the whole point of a place like this is
you use this space to hang out have a
party be with your friends whatever you
don't exactly need seven bedrooms in
here but apparently you need many many
seating and relaxation areas and next
time moving on from that second living
area you come behind other wall with a
giant television and you enter what I'm
calling the game area because you have
some games in here for one thing you
have like a psychedelic pool table a
multi-coloured pool table not like any
you've probably ever played on before
I'm not sure how all the lines on the
table would affect lining up your shots
but it would certainly be interesting to
play here over on the other side of the
room you have a foosball table which is
also rather interesting because it's
glass I've never seen a foosball table
that looks like this before but maybe
this is what foosball tables look like
for rich people and speaking of
interesting looking games back in the
sitting room there's a
set with square pieces doesn't look very
practical but it certainly looks cool
kind of in keeping with the theme of the
other cool-looking games and next up you
leave the game room come over to the
side there's a little door but before
you open it take a look at the wallpaper
in this room you can see some subtle
butterflies in here like I told you
there are a lot of little butterfly and
pill related Easter eggs throughout this
room you've probably already seen some
and that's another but anyway open up
this door and you enter the bathroom
that I'm sitting in which is gigantic
I've stayed in hotel rooms that are
smaller than this bathroom but this is
just a half bath
there's not even a shower or a tub in
here this is just a bathroom with a
toilet and a bench which is just insane
and as you can see there are pills all
over the wallpaper to again kind of in
keeping with the theme by the way the
toilet in here is one of these
japanese-style hi-tech toilets you can
walk up to it it will sense your
presence and automatically open and you
have a whole litany of different
controls and features you can use going
well beyond just flush which is all that
my toilet can do but who has time for
pool or foosball or bathrooms really
when you have this balcony come out from
the bar and from the living areas open
the door and you can see this is the
coolest balcony I have ever seen the
coolest balcony you have ever seen the
coolest balcony anyone has ever seen one
major reason for that of course is the
pool which actually hangs out over the
hotel facing toward the Vegas strip and
all of the other casinos and the bright
lights you're literally swimming kind of
suspended above everything out there
higher than anybody else at the Palms
facing all of Las Vegas that has got to
be one of the coolest things you can do
in this town and by the way this pool
currently I would guess about 95 96
degrees
I'm sure you can turn it up or down or
you can just sit in here soak and look
out over the world and by the way just
in case you don't want to
go in the pool giant hot tub thing for
some reason you have a sitting area out
here where you can just sit back and
relax and hang out and if that's not
good enough
you have another sitting area so don't
worry you have a lot of different
options for hanging out and relaxing and
your giant outdoor balcony one other
cool thing out here the balcony actually
opens up to the bar you can see I can
slide open at these little doors and
open up directly to the bar the hotel
will supply you with a bartender for a
party if you want and then it can serve
you not just inside but also outside
which is a pretty good situation you
don't usually see in your typical hotel
room and by the way one other item worth
noting you can see these columns on the
side of this giant pool hot tub thing
have these little dots on them this is
another Damien Hirst's touch all of
these little multicolored dots that go
up both of the pillars I happen to like
it I think it gives this area kind of a
whimsical cool more interesting touch
than you know your typical hotel balcony
with a giant pool on it but anyway even
though the balcony is my personal
favorite part of this entire room
there's still a lot more to show you I
haven't taken you upstairs yet to see
the rest so we go upstairs and you can
see all the butterflies along the glass
next to the stay away again keeping with
the butterfly theme then you can see
more Damien Hirst art on this landing
all the additional butterflies hanging
next up you turn to the right when you
get to the top of the stairs and you
enter a bedroom which is insanely huge I
say that because you're currently
looking at like a large room with a
large living space and there's no bed in
it the bed is in the other part of the
bedroom elsewhere that's just how big
this room is it has a bed and a seating
area and like this little nest thing
hanging from the ceiling which you can
just kind of curl up in and hang out if
that's what you want to do in your
bedroom and you have some interesting
views up here in part the bedroom faces
down over the bar area and into the
living space within the suite you also
have a view kind of over the balcony and
the pool that's out there on your
hanging valcon E or you can look out the
other way and see over the whole city
this incredible view
more of the casinos the Raiders stadium
under construction and far more than
that from your perch in your bedroom
nest thing but maybe the best part of
this bedroom isn't the bedroom itself
but rather the bathroom that's attached
to it the bathroom is quite large as you
can tell but that's not the most opulent
part of the bathroom keep going through
the shower and the tub and the sink and
all that and you get to the massage room
you have in this bathroom a built-in
room just for massaging and you have a
special sink in this room that the
masseuse or masseur can use throughout
the massage process of course you also
have a dedicated massage table that has
butterflies on it because you would
expect nothing less as you might expect
though my favorite part of this bathroom
is this tub which has this unbelievable
view over the whole world this entire
valley that we're in here you can sit in
here relax and look out on all the
plebeians below and next up another
excellent quirk of this bathroom in the
area by the sinks there's a little stool
you can sit on to put on makeup wash
your face whatever but check this out
the top of the stool is a pill again
continuing all the pills and butterflies
theme throughout that is kind of an
interesting touch
I like that stool and next up you walk
across the upstairs landing and you
enter the second bedroom suite I'm gonna
start with the bedroom where it's fairly
similar to the one I already showed you
another rather large bedroom with
another amazing sweeping view over the
entire city an absolutely beautiful
space I also like in this bedroom foyer
you have this little table which is all
mirrors and kind of jagged edges
triangles cutouts very interesting piece
I really really like how it looks
actually and it fits this space very
well but probably the most unbelievable
thing on the second floor of this hotel
room is in here I'm not talking about
this door that takes you back into the
hall it's a second entrance for this
hotel room since we're on the second
floor instead I'm talking about this
store because you go in here and you
have the salt room ah yes the salt room
what's the matter you don't have one
before you enter this room you turn this
little switch on the outside to turn on
the salt then you come in here and
apparently salt particles start to fill
the room and you sit back and relax and
it's supposed to help with your
allergies or your aura or just making
you feel more relaxed do know the
difference between rich people and
wealthy people rich people have a sauna
wealthy people have a salt room and by
the way one thing I love about the salt
room and in addition to the fact that it
merely exists little designs on the
walls if you look closely you can see
imprinted on the walls you have like a
butterfly on one wall and look around
there's a skull on another wall it's a
really really cool look precisely what
you'd expect to find in a salt room
I think and finally we move on to the
last interesting bit of the empathy
suite which is the bathroom off of the
second bedroom which of course features
once again its own dedicated massage
room and a cool thing here is there are
two ways to enter this bathroom you
can't of course just walk through the
bedroom you're in to the bathroom that's
a pretty standard thing to do nothing
weird about that or you can enter
through the back way there's an entrance
to the massage room from that door that
leads out into the hall you come in here
you can see this little exerciser with a
treadmill you keep going and then you're
in the massage room this is how they
masseuse or masseur would enter the room
so they don't get to go through your
bedroom see all your stuff they just
come in the massage service entrance
your hotel room doesn't have that nor
does your house now here's the other
cool thing about the massage room once
you're done with your massage you can
either leave through the service
entrance
or you can leave the other way which
goes directly through the shower so
after you finish your massage you want
to rinse off no problem you're walking
through the shower anyway just turn it
on and you can let the water flow around
you to increase your relaxation before
you go down to the bar or take a swim
and your 34th floor giant hot tub and so
that's the empathy suite at the Palms
Casino Resort in Las Vegas probably the
most extravagant luxurious and expensive
hotel room on the planet I've never seen
anything like this and I probably never
will again considering that it costs a
hundred grand a night but now you've
seen it and I hope you've enjoyed the
tour